Cristiano Ronaldo is a well-known football player who is associated with the sport. He was born into a socially deprived household and began playing football at an early age. At 18, he was chosen for the international football squad. Cristiano Ronaldo has become the most famous footballer in the world in a very short period.

On the other hand, Cristiano has faced a lot in his life to get to this position. Read on to explore the various aspects of his life.

Cristiano Ronaldo was born in Portugal on February 5, 1985, to Jose Dinis Aveiro, who served as a horticulturist in the township. Ronaldo has a brother and two sisters in addition to his parents, and he is the oldest of his siblings. Eva Maria Dos Santos was his mother's name, and she used to cook at other's residences.

Cristiano Ronaldo Jr., Ronaldo's son, is the youngest of Ronaldo's four children. However, Ronaldo has never revealed the identity of his son's mother. He dated Irina Shayk before 2015. Eventually, they broke up, and then post 2015, he began dating Georgina Rodriguez, who eventually became his fiancée.

Ronaldo was born into a low-income family, and thus, he did not receive schooling. Ronaldo is claimed to have thrown a chair at one of his school instructors when he was 14 years old, for which he was dismissed from the school. At the same time, Ronaldo has loved football since he was a youngster and wanted to make a profession out of it, so he dropped out of school in the middle of his studies. Ronaldo's family backed him up in his choice to drop out of school.

Cristiano Ronaldo was named after one of the US former President Ronald Reagan by his father. Ronaldo was born into a family with a limited income source, and he also revealed in some conferences how he used to live in a small cottage with his other siblings, sharing a small room with them.

When Ronaldo informed his family that he wanted to be a football player, his mother encouraged him to pursue his ambition. Ronaldo is now a fantastic football player due to his mother's support.


Ronaldo's stamina, tempo, skill, and expertise have earned him global appreciation. He can go past opponents and strike various goals, ranging from overhead flick-ons to free kicks and penalties. Over the years, he has concentrated on improving his muscular fitness and tactical ability. His talent and popularity end up making him a beastly opponent. He plays with immense self-belief and frequently utilizes all groomed skills.


Cristiano Ronaldo has played for various teams throughout his tenure, including Manchester United, Sporting FC, Real Madrid, and Juventus.

1. Sporting FC :
Cristiano Ronaldo's life changed when he made his professional debut for Sporting FC in Portugal. At the age of 16, Cristiano Ronaldo was upgraded to Sporting's first squad by László Bölöni, who was fascinated by his exceptional dribbling abilities and lightning speed. Cristiano Ronaldo's representative reveals that sides such as Barcelona, Liverpool, and Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger expressed willingness to sign the fantastic young Portuguese superstar from Sporting FC in the 2002-2003 season.

2. Manchester United :
Cristiano Ronaldo became Manchester United's 1st Portuguese player in 2003-2004. He wanted his Sporting FC number 28, but he was given the No.7 jersey at Old Trafford, which David Beckham and Eric Cantona had previously worn. Cristiano Ronaldo made his Manchester United appearance against Bolton Wonders on August 16, 2003, as a replacement for Nicky Butt, and United won the match 4-0. Ronaldo received a standing ovation from the stadium and many compliments from United Legend George Best in his maiden encounter. Cristiano Ronaldo's career took off in the 2006-07 season when he obtained more than 20 goals for Manchester United under Sir Alex Ferguson, and he established his importance at the match by helping them win their first Premier League championship in four years in the 2005-06 season.

3. Real Madrid :
Cristiano Ronaldo decided to join Spanish giants Real Madrid from Manchester United for the highest-ever signing fee of £80 million ahead of the 2008-09 season. Madrid announced a 5 year contract with the big star until 2015, paying him £11 million per year and including a €1 billion release fee, marking a big step up in Cristiano Ronaldo's career. Ronaldo was handed the number 9 shirt in his early days at Real Madrid since Raul's club captain wore the number 7. With the sort of success he had at Santiago Bernabeu, Cristiano Ronaldo's life story transformed when he joins Real Madrid from Manchester United. In his eight years at Real Madrid, he has played 292 matches and scored 311 goals.


4. Juventus :
Ronaldo left Madrid in 2018 for the Italian giants Juventus for a transfer price of €100 million-plus €12 million in additional costs. Ronaldo signed a four-year deal with Juventus, and the fee paid by the new team was the most ever amount paid for any 30-year-old player. Ronaldo scored his first goal for Juventus against Sassuolo in his fourth game for the club, and he was sent off for the first time in his 154th Champions League matches against Valencia.

10 Major Achievements Of Ronaldo :
For the 2007-08 season, Ronaldo won the European golden shoe.
Real Madrid won la Liga for the first time in four years because of his 46 goals.
He holds the record for the most goals in a single champions league season.
He holds the record for the fastest player to 300 goals in la Liga.
Ronaldo is the only player to win league titles in all three countries England, Spain, and Italy.


His Outside World
Ronaldo has established his brand "around the CR7 image" and represents many significant international brands. It is primarily focused on the undergarments product, but it has expanded to cover a variety of other apparel, recreation, and home goods.

Furthermore, Ronaldo owns several hotels in Portugal, including one in Lisbon and another in Funchal, Madeira, where he was born. In late 2016, he also entered the gym business in collaboration with Crunch, a US fitness organization.
